README.md, before:

# _Ping-Pong_

#### _For Epicodus Code Review 3, January 20, 2017_

#### By _**Jayeson Kiyabu**_

## Description

_This application will count up to the user's input number, replacing numbers divisible by 3 with "ping", numbers divisible by 5 with "pong", and numbers divisible by 3 and 5 with "pingpong"._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone GitHub repository_
* _Open index.html in any web browser_

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs_

## Application Specs
* _The program counts up the the input number from user_
  * **Example Input:** 2
  * **Example Output:** [1,2]
* _The program replaces numbers divisible by 3 with "ping"_
  * **Example Input:** 5
  * **Example Output:** [1,2,ping,4,5]
* _The program replaces numbers divisible by 5 with "pong"_
  * **Example Input:** 6
  * **Example Output:** [1,2,ping,4,pong]
* _The program replaces numbers divisible by 3 and 5 with "pingpong"._
  * **Example Input:** 17
  * **Example Output:** [1,2,ping,4,pong,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,pingpong,16,17]

## Technologies Used

_html, css, bootstrap.css, jquery_

### License

_License
Copyright (c) 2017 Jayeson Kiyabu_

Commit message:

add output in a list form and add img

README.md, after:

# _Ping-Pong_

#### _For Epicodus Code Review 3, January 20, 2017_

#### By _**Jayeson Kiyabu**_

## Description

_This application will count up to the user's input number, replacing numbers divisible by 3 with "ping", numbers divisible by 5 with "pong", and numbers divisible by 3 and 5 with "pingpong"._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone GitHub repository_
* _Open index.html in any web browser_

## Known Bugs

_Attempted to output array as a list instead of a line but was unsuccessful_

## Application Specs
* _The program counts up the the input number from user_
  * **Example Input:** 2
  * **Example Output:** [1,2]
* _The program replaces numbers divisible by 3 with "ping"_
  * **Example Input:** 5
  * **Example Output:** [1,2,ping,4,5]
* _The program replaces numbers divisible by 5 with "pong"_
  * **Example Input:** 6
  * **Example Output:** [1,2,ping,4,pong]
* _The program replaces numbers divisible by 3 and 5 with "pingpong"._
  * **Example Input:** 17
  * **Example Output:** [1,2,ping,4,pong,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,pingpong,16,17]

## Technologies Used

_html, css, bootstrap.css, jquery_

### License

_License
Copyright (c) 2017 Jayeson Kiyabu_
